"One girl," answered Mr. Sheldon carelessly. "She's at
school in Scarborough, and I didn't see her; but I hear
she's a fine bouncing lass. I had a very pleasant day
with the Hallidays. Tom has sold his farm; that part of
the world doesn't suit him, it seems--too cold and
bleak for him. He's one of those big burly-looking men
who seem as if they could knock you down with a little
finger, and who shiver at every puff of wind. I don't
think he'll make old bones, Nancy. But that's neither
here nor there. I daresay he's good for another ten
years; or I'm sure I hope so, on Georgy's account."

"It was right down soft of him to sell Hyley Farm,
though," said Nancy reflectively; "I've heard tell as
it's the best land for forty mile round Barlingford.
But he got a rare good price for it, I'll lay."

"O, yes; he sold the property uncommonly well, he tells
me. You know if a north-countryman gets the chance of
making a profit, he never lets it slip through his
fingers."

Mrs. Woolper received this compliment to her countrymen
with a gratified grin, and Mr. Sheldon went on talking,
still looking at the reflection of his handsome face in
the glass, and pulling his whiskers meditatively.

"O, yes, I'll manage well enough. I'm not one of your
lazy London lasses that take half an hour to wipe a
teacup. I'll manage easy enough. Mr. and Mrs. Halliday
will be having your room, I'll lay."

"Yes; give them the best room, by all means. I can
sleep anywhere. And now go downstairs and think it
over, Nancy. I must get to my work. I've some letters
that must be written to-night."
